
DONE - write a simple socket!! :D

DOWNLOAD A FILE

DONE - 	write bencode
DONE - 	write decoder
DONE -	Decode and parse metainfo file 
DONE -	Form Get request (announce URL)
		To contact the tracker a peer MUST send a standard HTTP GET request using the URL in the "announce" entry of the metainfo file. The GET request must be parametrized as specified in the HTTP protocol. The following parameters must be present in the request:

DONE - 	TODO: FIX INFOHASH- Currently hard coding a working hash.
 		Encoding error at byte 71.
		'info_hash':
			This is a REQUIRED 20-byte SHA1 hash value. In order to obtain this value the peer must calculate the SHA1 of the value of the "info" key in the metainfo file.
		'peer_id':
			This is a REQUIRED string and must contain the 20-byte self-designated ID of the peer.
		'port':
			The port number that the peer is listening to for incoming connections from other peers. BTP/1.0 does not specify a standard port number, nor a port range to be used. This key is REQUIRED.
		'uploaded':
			This is a base ten integer value. It denotes the total amount of bytes that the peer has uploaded in the swarm since it sent the "started" event to the tracker. This key is REQUIRED.
		'downloaded':
			This is a base ten integer value. It denotes the total amount of bytes that the peer has downloaded in the swarm since it sent the "started" event to the tracker. This key is REQUIRED.
		'left':
			This is a base ten integer value. It denotes the total amount of bytes that the peer needs in this torrent in order to complete its download. This key is REQUIRED.
		
DONE -	Receive text file
DONE -	bdecode text file
DONE -	parse IP address of peer(s)

DONE -	Connect with seed (just one, to start)

DONE -	Handshake:
			20 bytes: ascii char 19 string "BitTorrent Protocol"
			8 bytes: for extensions. All 0's.
			20 bytes: SHA1 hash of bencoded info value in metafile. If both sides don't send the same they don't want to participate in the same swarm. 
			20 bytes: peer ID used to identifiy this client. If peer ID doesn't match expected ID, connection is severed. 

DONE -	Check returned handshake - match sha1 hash
		
		Modify Socket OR switch to using Twisted
		
		Create peer object:
			peer_ID 
			IP
			Port
			State (choke etc?)

		Create torrent object:
			file size
			peers
			peice size
			announce url
			etc

		Create manager object:
			HANDLE ALL OF THE FUNCTIONS!!!


		





SEED A FILE	/ CREATE A .TORRENT
	DONE - write bencode
	split file into chunks and identify chunks using Hashes.



